dev
---

Cleanup:

* Refactorization and simplification by using "projects".<br>
The user must now create a project file to run the program. A project consists in a directory with: a project file with the configuration (`project.json`), input and output data. The configuration file substitutes three previous different files: tasks.json, html/data/tasks_info.json and html/data/page_info.js.
* Use format() method instead of %.

Options:

* Renamed --update_map_data option as --create_web_page, since now the entire page is rendered from a Jinja2 template every time.
* New option: --create_web_page_no_data<br>Create the web page without updating the map data. Useful when the user just wants to test some changes to the web page's Jinja2 template without having to wait for mapnik to render the map tiles.
* --print_tasks_configuration has been changed to --print_config, since now also the project's parameters are printed.
* By default do not download OSM data: removed option --offline and added --download_osm.

Comparators:

* Support comparators that use PostGIS.
* New comparator: highwaysgeometrypostgis.
* Support multilinestring and force 2D geometries in highwaysgeometryspatialite.py

Web page:

* The web page is now rendered through a Jinja2 template, each time --create_web_page is executed. The user can craete a custom web page by adding a file with the name `index.html` in `project_direcotry/templates`.
* Added to the map a link for editing the selected place with iD.
* If map lat and map lon are not written in a project file they are set to the last task center's coordinates.

Other changes:

* The Overpass query to download a task's data must be now written in `project.json` so that different queries can be used for different open_data. Previously, only the zone's name and admin level could be changed.
* Stats generated by the program are saved to a separate file (`project_ouput.json`), so that the file written by the user (`project.json`) is not changed.
* Support relative paths for open data files.
* A demo project has been added as example.
* Added the possibility to store more information about a task (project["tasks"][x]["info"]{...} in a project file), that may be used to show a description of the open data on the web page (source, license, date...).

v0.4
----

* Refactorization:
    * split the main file, now called compare-to-osm.py, into several files and classes for easier maintenance
    * create Task class, representing a comparison task
    * create Comparator class, collecting the methods that analyse the data, so that it will possible to add different type of comparisons.

* Add options so that it's possible to separately analyse the data or update the map's data:
    * -a, --analyse; download OSM data, compare with open data and produce output files
    * -m, --update_map; read analysis'output files and update map's data (e.g. render tiles)

* Other options:
    * --offline, do not download data from OSM; use the OSM data already present.<br>Useful for testing or when an area is too big to be downloaded with Overpass API and the user wants to use an OSM file he or she created, for example with osmfilter
    * --tasks TASKNAME [TASKNAME ...]; execute -a or -m only for the specified task.<br>Useful for when the user wants to update a task (the comparison of a specific zone), without having to run all the other tasks too (analyse the data of all the other zones)
    * -p, --print_tasks_configuration; print tasks'configuration and exit

* New output type: show results as PNG tiles rendered with Mapnik

* Show on the web page the dates in which the comparisons have been made (update time)

Other changes:

* Convert tasks configuration file from ConfigParser to JSON (tasks.json)
* Convert html/data/zones_info.js to JSON (html/data/tasks_info.json)
* Do not create transparent tiles and speed up rendering a little
* Improve README.md and add documentation
* Add .gitignore
* Comply to PEP8 conventions (flake8)
* Clean up code

v0.3
----
* Support multiple zones